<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="untitled3">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <shortdesc>Gmail provides a range of powerful features, including large storage capacity,
        advanced spam filtering, powerful search functionality, and seamless integration with other
        Google services such as Google Drive, Google Calendar, and Google Meet. It can be accessed
        through web browsers as well as mobile applications on smartphones and tablets. Creating a
        Gmail account allows users not only to communicate via email but also to access a wide range
        of Google products and services. A Gmail account serves as a single sign-in credential for
        various platforms, making it an essential tool for personal, educational, and professional
        use.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This task involves creating a new Gmail account by following the required
                registration steps. It includes entering personal details, choosing a unique email
                address, setting a secure password, verifying identity, and completing the setup
                process to successfully create and access the Gmail account.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open Microsoft Edge.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Search for create Gmail account.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Create a Gmail Account</uicontrol> powered by Google.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Create an account</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create account</uicontrol> and then select <uicontrol>For my
                        personal use</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter first name and last name.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select birthday and gender.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on suggested <uicontrol>Gmail address</uicontrol> or click on<uicontrol>
                        Create your own Gmail address</uicontrol> to enter a custom Gmail address.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter desired Gmail address and check for the address availability. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create strong password and confirm with the same password. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <note id="note_cmb_c5q_k3c">To check the password, select the <uicontrol>Show
                            password</uicontrol> option if required.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to complete the account creation
                    process.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
